Jira V3 forms DC OnPrem handling (#37448)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/3_2_11.md

#### Integrations

##### Atlassian Jira v3

> - Fixed an issue in **fetch-incidents** where getting forms from issues in OnPrem DataCenter failed the fetch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in **fetch-incidents** failed when getting forms from issues in OnPrem DataCenter.
```

Author: changed to 
- Fixed an issue in **fetch-incidents** failing when getting forms from issues in OnPrem DataCenter.
